C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\FilterBasalDiets.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\PwoSearch.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadAuditSelect.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadBasalDiet.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadCustomers.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadCustomerSelect.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDietRequest.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDietRequestPreMix.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDrugs.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadFilteredDietRequests.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadLocations.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchDietRequests.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForBasalDiets.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForDietRequest.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForDietRequestsTiny.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForFeedLabel.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForPwoClose.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForPwoInitiate.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SelectPaginatedDrugList.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SelectPaginatedLocationList.sql
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.deps.json
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Common.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Data.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Filter.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Models.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Resources.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Filter.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
C:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\diet-preparation-2.0\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\FilterLocationList.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\FilterBasalDiets.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\FilterLocationList.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\PwoSearch.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadAuditSelect.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadBasalDiet.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadCustomers.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadCustomerSelect.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDietRequest.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDietRequestPreMix.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadDrugs.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadFilteredDietRequests.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\ReadLocations.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchDietRequests.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForBasalDiets.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForDietRequest.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForDietRequestsTiny.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForFeedLabel.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForPwoClose.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SearchForPwoInitiate.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SelectPaginatedDrugList.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\Queries\SelectPaginatedLocationList.sql
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.deps.json
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Common.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Data.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Filter.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Models.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Resources.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Models.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Filter.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Resources.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\bin\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Utilities.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\DietPreparation.Repositories.pdb
c:\Users\Vladimir_Komov\Documents\arch_projects\old\diet-preparation-2.0 - Copy\src\DietPreparation.Repositories\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\DietPreparation.Repositories.dll
